#   一致性

ECMAScript 一致性的实现必须在规范中提供和支持所有的类型、值、对象、属性、函数以及编程语法和语义。

ECMAScript 一致性的实现必须能解释符合Unicode 标准、8.0.0版本及更高版本、符合ISO/IEC 10646的源文件输入。



  <p>A conforming implementation of ECMAScript must interpret source text input in conformance with the Unicode Standard, Version 8.0.0 or later and ISO/IEC 10646.</p>
  <p>A conforming implementation of ECMAScript that provides an application programming interface that supports programs that need to adapt to the linguistic and cultural conventions used by different human languages and countries must implement the interface defined by the most recent edition of ECMA-402 that is compatible with this specification.</p>
  <p>A conforming implementation of ECMAScript may provide additional types, values, objects, properties, and functions beyond those described in this specification. In particular, a conforming implementation of ECMAScript may provide properties not described in this specification, and values for those properties, for objects that are described in this specification.</p>
  <p>A conforming implementation of ECMAScript may support program and regular expression syntax not described in this specification. In particular, a conforming implementation of ECMAScript may support program syntax that makes use of the &ldquo;future reserved words&rdquo; listed in subclause <emu-xref href="#sec-future-reserved-words"></emu-xref> of this specification.</p>
  <p>A conforming implementation of ECMAScript must not implement any extension that is listed as a Forbidden Extension in subclause <emu-xref href="#sec-forbidden-extensions"></emu-xref>.</p>
</emu-clause>